all right this is a 93 Toyota pickup and
my friend had water building up in his
passenger down here passenger footwell
so when we do on the AC it was coming
out of this little drain hole right here
focus was coming out of right here
literally just puddling out so we looked
it up figured it was a clog in the drain
somewhere didn't realize that this is
actual drain and this goes out to the
fire through the firewall outside the
car what you see I'm fishing the side
back through and the other side is the
rubber it has to it's a tight seal
alright well anyways somewhere in here
we figured was a leak or a clog hence
why I was coming leaking to here a
little hole so we're starting to take
apart this whole box but then I realize
there's just a rubber rubber seal a tube
that wraps around that they actually
pushed it out so I can go put it in when
it comes through over under here let me
second
where is it
No okay I don't know if I can show you
guys let's that hose right there
go into the power you see tube I don't
know that's the drain line right thing
well anyway we took it apart it was
literally just pull it out so from where
you seen it sit so I have fished me
through you literally pull on it pull it
out oh we saw that this was clogged up
literally there was just a bunch of gunk
built up in it so we clean it out
I know if you can see through yeah you
see the drain line right there
see if I can just kind of pointed out
this little line right here that was all
clogged up so we're just playing it back
together right now once we're done I'll
have them started up and see if it
dreams again all right just stuck the
tubing back in I throw on all the bolts
and screws even though we didn't take it
apart we're going to take it apart but
we ended up seeing that that line was
clogged so yeah like I said before we're
leaking out to this drain we cleaned out
there's a lot of gunk in there unless
you happened right now hopefully that
fixes it
still that a little bit yeah but it's
not built it's not a not coming out from
this one no more you know what I mean
yes blowing
all right so if you guys saw that water
drop before that wasn't happening it was
literally just backing up you saw those
couple drops from the start but that was
I think just the last a little bit so
that you can see nothing no more a
little bit
a lot better those not flowing up here
give another still song coming out I
think that was just the puddle that was
still there drove it around nothing down
there call that a job done